# stop looking

#mini-essay #retrospection #purpose #love

All my life, I always looked for stuff. I looked for love, I looked for purpose, I looked for approval, I looked for a path.
Every day I spent looking, it felt like I was just going farther and farther away from the thing I was searching so desperately to find.
I think the reason is I was searching aimlessly, love is not something you can define in concrete terms, everyone feels love differently and love changes meaning
over time even if it is the same person. So is purpose, everyones purpose is different, what they live for, what they strive for is different -- purpose too changes with time.
It is supposed to, the only truth in this universe is that change is constant, nothing stays the same, people, feelings, goals, nature, seasons... As for searching for a path,
it is not even remotely logical. Not one person has the same path as the other and if you try to follow a path you'll end up in someone elses dreams, goals, expectations, not yours.
Paths are supposed to be created, carved, with struggle, failure, and consistency. Why paths exists is not that you can look ahead and know where you're going, it is to look back
and see how far you've become.

> Once you stop looking for stuff, they'll find you.

Love comes naturally, purpose forms with time, approval stems from within, paths form behind when you take the step to the unknown.

Steve Jobs has one of the greatest quotes about this:

> "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
> You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever."
